An item named 1C Payment Voucher exists. 1C Payment Voucher has this property: "Bring the voucher back to Nexus Co. for payment." An item named Iron Bars Voucher exists. Iron Bars Voucher has this property: "Take this voucher to Scalding in Meridian and they'll have your cargo ready. Exchange for a full load." An item named Iron Bars 2C Payment Voucher exists. Iron Bars 2C Payment Voucher has this property: "Bring the voucher back to Nexus Co. for payment." An item named Molybdenum Ingots Voucher exists. Molybdenum Ingots Voucher has this property: "Take this voucher to Yin in Vhors Low and they'll have your cargo ready. Exchange for a full load." An item named Molybdenum Ingots 1K Payment Voucher exists. Molybdenum Ingots 1K Payment Voucher has this property: "Bring the voucher back to Sally for payment." An item named Glint exists. Glint has this property: "This is fully-refined glint at the highest grade. Glint,or nano-fuel,is seemingly the most valuable substance in the system,at least thus far. Applications range from rocket power to plant food,this sub-Europan proto-intelligence seems to have solved problem solving on a sub-molecular scale." An item named Meaningles contract to own an assortment of atoms you don't care about exists. Meaningles contract to own an assortment of atoms you don't care about has this property: "This doesn't seem valuable at all..." An item named Completely stupid contract for 'tree' with no other information exists. Completely stupid contract for 'tree' with no other information has this property: "This is garbage." An item named Contract to guarantee the party that wins the next galactic war does indeed do so exists. Contract to guarantee the party that wins the next galactic war does indeed do so has this property: "This is trash. It's not worth anything..." An item named An agreement for payment applicable to no terms exists. An agreement for payment applicable to no terms has this property: "This is garbage." An item named License to drill for lemons on Planet Soda exists. License to drill for lemons on Planet Soda has this property: "Probably was a mistake to pay money for this." An item named Confusing backward logic that stipulates this contract owns you if you don't sign it exists. Confusing backward logic that stipulates this contract owns you if you don't sign it has this property: "This is junk." An item named Ownership title of a house in upstate New York which burned down in 1834 exists. Ownership title of a house in upstate New York which burned down in 1834 has this property: "Probably was a mistake to pay money for this." An item named Contract to agree to purchase this contract exists. Contract to agree to purchase this contract has this property: "This is junk." An item named Negative flow heat diagram with a smiley face and no clear meaning at all exists. Negative flow heat diagram with a smiley face and no clear meaning at all has this property: "This doesn't seem valuable." An item named Terms to submit oneself to being discussed openly by strangers exists. Terms to submit oneself to being discussed openly by strangers has this property: "This doesn't seem valuable at all." An item named An actually valuable contract for the rights to all Glint from Nexus Red Warp Torch exists. An actually valuable contract for the rights to all Glint from Nexus Red Warp Torch has this property: "This is legally binding! Now that you own the output of the Warp Torch,bring this to Nexus Red official to start collecting your daily Glint." An item named Eggs Voucher exists. Eggs Voucher has this property: "Take this voucher to Ichiro in Meridian and they'll have your cargo ready. Exchange for a full load." An item named Egg Shipment 3C Payment Voucher exists. Egg Shipment 3C Payment Voucher has this property: "Bring the voucher back to Nexus Co. for payment." An item named Amino Fluid Voucher exists. Amino Fluid Voucher has this property: "Take this voucher to the Wayward Farmer and they'll have your cargo ready. Exchange for a full load." An item named Amino Shipment 1K Payment Voucher exists. Amino Shipment 1K Payment Voucher has this property: "Bring the voucher back to Sally for payment." An item named Reverse Transcriptase Voucher exists. Reverse Transcriptase Voucher has this property: "Take this voucher to the Growlab Consolate on Europa and they'll have your cargo ready. Exchange for a double load,16." An item named Reverse Transcriptase 2M Payment Voucher exists. Reverse Transcriptase 2M Payment Voucher has this property: "Bring the voucher back to the Io Nexus Consignment Officer for payment." An item named Tessellation Run Voucher exists. Tessellation Run Voucher has this property: "Take this voucher to the Yuao Ranger on Io and they'll have your cargo ready. Prepare for a double load +1,17." An item named Tessellation Run Part 2 exists. Tessellation Run Part 2 has this property: "These 8 little guys go to Chef Strausing back on Earth" An item named Tessellation Run Finale exists. Tessellation Run Finale has this property: "Alright now get this receipt and these wings back to Eioki-Donna 'Joe' Lyn on DEMI.<br><br>But don't set off without a fast booster or a freezer,these wings spoil after 3 days!<br><br>If they spoil you'll need to replace them by sourcing from a meat dealer." An item named Tessellation Run 8M Payment Voucher exists. Tessellation Run 8M Payment Voucher has this property: "Bring the voucher back to the Io Nexus Consignment Officer for payment. <br><br>Wow that was under like 13 parsecs. My Han to God I've almost never seen that before." An item named License To Begin Iron Coring Machine exists. License To Begin Iron Coring Machine has this property: "Bring this license to Gingerella in Promi-found Base." An item named Iron Core Machine Guide exists. Iron Core Machine Guide has this property: "Thanks,hauler. This thing is up and running now. Have you used a Core Machine before? It's easy as long as you know the right formula for input.  The Iron Core Machine input is simple:8 Iron Bars.<br><br>Come back to Promi-found Base and use the Core Machine all you want!" An item named Iron Core Machine Key exists. Iron Core Machine Key has this property: "This is an Iron Core Machine Key needed to turn on the Coring Machine. Attach it to the machine!" An item named Molybdenum Core Machine Key exists. Molybdenum Core Machine Key has this property: "This is a Molybdenum Core Machine Key needed to turn on the Coring Machine. Attach it to the machine!" An item named Molybdenum Core Logic Diagram exists. Molybdenum Core Logic Diagram has this property: "This is a Molybdenum Core Machine Logic Diagram needed to turn on the Coring Machine. Attach it to the machine!" An item named Molybdenum Core Foldmap exists. Molybdenum Core Foldmap has this property: "Reality needs a little kicker to ignite the Molybdenum Core Machine. Attach the Foldmap to the machine!" An item named Promium Core Machine Key exists. Promium Core Machine Key has this property: "This is a Promium Core Machine Key needed to turn on the Coring Machine. Attach it to the machine!" An item named Nuts and bolts exists. Nuts and bolts has this property: "This is some metal junk basically" An item named Exit Earth Orbit Papers exists. Exit Earth Orbit Papers has this property: "This passport allows you to exit Earth orbit. Every hauler needs their passport and medallion,but then it's open sky.<br><br>Bring this to Commander Gilfurl." An item named Outer Consolate Prayer Book exists. Outer Consolate Prayer Book has this property: "Speak these verses to gain safe passage among the outer ring construct culture." An item named Promium Shards exists. An item named Promium Cubes exists. An item named Promium Core exists. An item named Molybdenum Shards exists. An item named Molybdenum Ingots exists. An item named Molybdenum Core exists. An item named Iron Shards exists. An item named Iron Ingots exists. An item named Iron Core exists. Iron Core has this property: "An Iron Core you made in the Iron Core Machine on Earth in Promi-found Base. The price for Iron Cores are better on Mars - Look for Jordax." An item named Jimmy-Bar exists. An item named Flash Paste exists. An item named Locked Box exists. An item named Ornate Safe Deposit Box exists. An item named Arcane Physics Codex exists. An item named Fredericks's Fool-Proof Box Opener exists. Fredericks's Fool-Proof Box Opener has this property: "Take a standard J-Bar and put it under a Lock Box's padlock. Now...hit it really hard. Whatever's inside is now out!" An item named Promium Cube Formula exists. Promium Cube Formula has this property: "Promium Cubes form as Aminos injest the Promium Shards.  Give me,the Lab Tech on Io,1 Promium Shard and 1 Amino Paste to induce the reaction." An item named Moby Dockhand,A Story Of Whale Why Not exists. Moby Dockhand,A Story Of Whale Why Not has this property: "Call me Fish Mail... that's all I really am isn't it?  <br><br>Portage for creatures beneath me from one pond to the next,am I in service to my superior or am I in service to them,the haul? And is there any difference... <br><br>Well today's not the day to wax poetic,afterall there's about a half ton of red spotted blue I need to help make an appointment with a wooden hammer. Sometimes I name them...the fourth or fifth next one in line. Daniel well he had a solid upbringing but when he moved out he had a rough go of it balancing the finance and then one day SPLAATTT struck by lighting. <br><br>At least my lighting hammer makes Queeq work of them. Lucky bastards...Free from the myth of porpoise." An item named Command Spells Vol. 1 by Dirk Fengler exists. Command Spells Vol. 1 by Dirk Fengler has this property: "Chapter 1:No 'Man' Without ComMANd. <br><br>'Command spells are all in the wrist,' Grandma Fengler used to tell us,as she splattered baby terminauts against the brick of our back alley,a reddish mortar,perpetually damp from organic ooze. 'Just remember to keep eye contact at all times. Otherwise things can get out of hand faster than a riffer sucks the shake off a brand new nitrogen belt.'  <br><br>Nana wasn't interested in learning the politically correct manner of communicating things she already knew how to say more straightforwardlike. Maybe it was that keen sense of saying only what was important that earned her the moniker 'The Queen Of Command' down in Gemini Gutter 142 where we all grew up ..." An item named Diary Of A Metal Hauler exists. Diary Of A Metal Hauler has this property: "I,Ron.  <br><br>Born Ronald Pugerino,'Pugs,' the kids used to call me,to a simple backwood family of crab trap runners,never having even imagined the unknowable pleasures of the hauler lifestyle I do today,bumbling along in my simple hot-taped loomer Rig,I was then simply oblivious to the stars. That all changed the day I first met a Promi,Doctor Carbonella,the physics instructor at Candle High. <br><br>She was subtle in a direct way,never once led a lecture without using her trademark differential equation pun,'Is that a FACT-OR what?' and as the other broodlings squacked,my mouth gaped. I was entrenched.  Whatever I needed to do to run at Carbonella's level,I swore I'd get it done. That night I tore my crab contract to shreds and signed a cold 11'er with Nexus.  I was going to space,80 thousand tons of Iron in tow. For a brief moment,as the tomato farms of Terminex outskirts dwindled to specks behind me I wondered if I had been a fool for chasing my Promi infactuation,but when I soon discovered how much of a good time a 'Nexus 1C Voucher' could buy all that bewilderment turned to drive.  Killer drive.  <br><br>A Terminal's drive." An item named Nexus Trusted Networks exists. An item named Inter-system Index Environments exists. An item named Devil Book - DEMI Bible exists. An item named Computer Security Criteria:Promi Standards exists. An item named Pink Shirt Book:Guide to VegOS PC's exists. An item named Mesca-Sim exists. Mesca-Sim has this property: "If you get caught using this you're on your own." An item named 80Gb Augmentation exists. 80Gb Augmentation has this property: "Brain augmentation stream,do not overload." An item named Mixtape Classic:Jungle,Ambient,Acid,303's exists. Mixtape Classic:Jungle,Ambient,Acid,303's has this property: "Nothin on this mixtape fails to excite. We've got Trust Brothers,a little Undermono,Wideman Skin. Haul and sprawl baby!" An item named VegOS Plant Operation Manual exists. VegOS Plant Operation Manual has this property: "Veg Lab spindrels are each engineered to support the needs of the roving DEMI station.  Glucose,Protein,as well as Mineral output are all achievable with the appropriate physical catalyst.<br><br><u>Apply Nitrogen fertalizer</u>:produce a consolidated glucose supply.<br><br><u>Apply Spice</u>:protein-based growths will form.<br><br><u>Apply Nano-fuel Glint</u>:excrete refinable metalic filings.<br><br>" An item named Hot Tip exists. Hot Tip has this property: "Pirates tend to orbit a specific planet.  They get a bit nasty the further out you go past Mars.<br><br>If you ever lose your haul,you can always get some bigger guns and take back what you lost.<br><br>Pirates only attack you if you're carrying something.  " An item named VegOS Disk 1 exists. An item named VegOS Disk 2 exists. An item named VegOS Disk 3 exists. An item named VegOS Disk 4 exists. An item named VegOS Disk 5 exists. An item named VegOS Disk 6 exists. An item named VegOS Disk 7 exists. An item named VegOS Disk 8 exists. An item named VegOS Disk 9 exists. An item named VegOS Disk 10 exists. An item named VegOS Disk 11 exists. An item named VegOS Disk 12 exists. An item named Left-Behind Note exists. Left-Behind Note has this property: "Add flash paste to 2 Iron shards on your own workbench and avoid these Nexus fees. Hack the planet(s)!" An item named Recipe for crab & tomato soup exists. Recipe for crab & tomato soup has this property: "Recipe for Geoffries's favorite Red-spotted Blue Crab & tomato soup. Write this down by saving it to your Workbench so you don't need to keep it around forever. It's so easy when you use choice ingredients:1 Plump Tomato and 1 Red-spotted Blue Crab Meat." An item named Katsudon Recipe exists. Katsudon Recipe has this property: "Step 1:make Tonkatsu. Step 2:combine Tonkatsu with rice,water,heat it up,and add garnish. Step 3:Eat up. If you're a good chef it will be delicious." An item named Instructions For Fresh Naruto exists. Instructions For Fresh Naruto has this property: "Grandma knows best so don't deviate from her instructions:combine Rice,Eggs,a little Sugar,Heated Water,then and mash together the Fish Filets (Raw) with Rice Wine until doughy!" An item named Open Source Century Ramen exists. Open Source Century Ramen has this property: "!!! Hackers unite. Just build out the parts and you got it.  <br><br>Prepare:1 Tonkatsu. 1 Naruto. 1 Gemeni Stock. Now combine them all with noodles and eggs.  This is the real deal guys!" An item named Recipe for Ebi Tempura exists. Recipe for Ebi Tempura has this property: "Recipe for Lin Shu's pretty good Shrimp Tempura. There's nothing to it just Shrimp,Breadcrumbs,Salt,Eggs,Oil,and blast it with Flashpaste! Mmmm hot and tasty." An item named Recipe for Pork Tonkatsu exists. Recipe for Pork Tonkatsu has this property: "This one is so easy! The best Gemini cooks use Pork Cutlet,Breadcrumbs,and Eggs! Then,use any heatsource like Flashpaste or a Portable Stove of course." An item named Takei's Take-home Libations Kit exists. Takei's Take-home Libations Kit has this property: "Recipe for Takei-Donna Lyn's completely reasonable-strength Martini:1 oz Of Vodka,1 Compliment of Olives,1 Terminex Vermouth." An item named Takei's Mars Old Fashioned Formula exists. Takei's Mars Old Fashioned Formula has this property: "Lin Shu carefully observed Takei-Donna Lyn making Mars Old Fashioneds for 10 years now. It's gotta be this:1 Brown Liquor,1 Orange Peel,1 Sugar Cubes,Bitters,and then ignite the fruit with Flashpaste! Hey even if it's not Takei's exact secret,it is delicious." An item named Takei's Five Boroughs Formula exists. Takei's Five Boroughs Formula has this property: "Lin Shu carefully observed Takei-Donna Lyn making Five Boroughs for 10 years now. It's gotta be this:1 Brown Liquor,1 Cherry,1 Vermouth,and Bitters! Hey even if it's not Takei's exact secret,it is delicious." An item named How To Make A Solid Gemini Stock exists. How To Make A Solid Gemini Stock has this property: "Lin Shu remembers working as a line cook in the Gemini Gutter for years. The Stock is so easy. It's Celery,Carrot,Onion,a Sea Carcass,then heat it with Flashpaste in Water!" An item named Sugar Cubes exists. An item named Orange Peel exists. An item named 1oz of Vodka exists. An item named Space Pint exists. An item named Nexus Cola exists. An item named Io Gew exists. An item named Crystal Nexus exists. An item named Terminex Hydro Farms's Vermouth exists. An item named Brown Alcohol exists. An item named Liquorice Liqueur exists. An item named Rice Wine exists. An item named Full Compliment Of Olives exists. Full Compliment Of Olives has this property: "Something you should never leave port without." An item named Straight Martini exists. An item named A Mars Old Fashioned exists. An item named The Green Dream exists. An item named Organic Bitters exists. An item named A Five Boroughs exists. An item named Terra-Lite Smokeables exists. An item named Sweet Cherries exists. An item named Blackfruit exists. An item named Delicious Strawberries exists. An item named Metal Wiring exists. An item named Filter Sieve exists. An item named Wood exists. An item named Crab Trap Crate exists. An item named Nitrogen plant feed exists. An item named Red-spotted Blue Crab exists. An item named Red-spotted Blue Crab Meat exists. An item named Game Thighs exists. An item named Beautiful G'engineered Night Silkie Chick exists. An item named Adult Night Silkie Caller exists. An item named Fish Filets,Raw exists. An item named Sliced Bacon exists. An item named Meat-Hab Cube exists. An item named Spiced Sausage exists. An item named Pork Cutlet exists. An item named Fresh Shrimp exists. An item named Valvebeast Meat exists. An item named Plump Tomato exists. An item named Bay Leaf exists. An item named Spice exists. An item named Butter exists. An item named Chili Pepper exists. An item named Coco Powder exists. An item named Sage exists. An item named Salt exists. An item named Pepper exists. An item named Bag Of Rice exists. An item named Breadcrumbs exists. An item named Cooking-grade Oil exists. An item named Rendered Animal Fat exists. An item named Sea Carcass exists. An item named Assorted Eggs exists. An item named Space-Safe Water exists. An item named Fresh Carrot exists. An item named Pickle,Rich In Flavor exists. Pickle,Rich In Flavor has this property: "Pickle Rich In Flavor!" An item named Celery Stalk exists. Celery Stalk has this property: "','base':0,'drop':1,'tags':['food'],'neuros':[-10,10,-10]},{'name':'celery" An item named Onion exists. An item named Clove Of Garlic exists. An item named Pungent Garnish exists. An item named Uncooked Noodles exists. An item named Beautiful Ricecake exists. An item named A Stock Goin! exists. A Stock Goin! has this property: "Virtually limitless potential now. You could make almost anything with this delicious base." An item named Tonkotsu Ramen exists. An item named Century Ramen exists. An item named Red-spotted Blue Crab & Tomato Soup exists. An item named Hot Shrimp Tempura exists. An item named Piping Hot Tonkatsu exists. An item named Chicken Schnitzel exists. An item named Meat-Hab Burger exists. An item named Pickled Blue Crab Sausage exists. An item named Katsu Don Meal exists. An item named Steak Dinner exists. An item named Perfect Slice Of Cake exists. An item named Robot-favorable Puce Bean Dessert exists. An item named Crunchy Cookie exists. An item named Seiple's Favorite Type Of Cookie exists. An item named Some...rare coin? exists. An item named Looks like...a REALLY rare coin exists. An item named Cup Of Coffee exists. An item named Cafe Au Lait exists. An item named Good Coffee exists. Good Coffee has this property: "This...is a pretty okay cup of coffee." An item named Espresso exists. An item named Moldy Coffee exists. Moldy Coffee has this property: "We think at one point it had been something close to coffee." An item named Organic Sludge exists. An item named Amino Paste exists. An item named Self-aware Globule Of Reverse Transcriptase exists. Self-aware Globule Of Reverse Transcriptase has this property: "Probably be careful with these..." An item named Camden Tech Umlout Cab exists. Camden Tech Umlout Cab has this property: "The Camden Technologies Umlout-Class Line is a rugged,sturdy,dependable hauler's workhorse. Available in tangerine orange for cruising in style." An item named Nexus Banner Factory Cab exists. Nexus Banner Factory Cab has this property: "Nexus Trade Co. offers its dedicated drivers an exclusive offer on this official Nexus emblem cab. Flaunt your contractual status to all the space passers-by in this bright tug." An item named Foot Hur-Ama'aa Light Cruiser exists. Foot Hur-Ama'aa Light Cruiser has this property: "A streamlined delivery model for the distinguished light-duty hauler. No Kit Slots,no frills,tomorrow is today!" An item named Promi Rad Counter exists. Promi Rad Counter has this property: "The Promi design for purpose and the Rad Counter is an effective dual-duty deep space cab / nuclear blast zone clean room." An item named Drone Warrior Slug Crew Cab exists. Drone Warrior Slug Crew Cab has this property: "Drone Warrior Riding Crew RIG tech enthusiast club releases competativly spec'd build-your-own engineering plans and some locales boast Chief Drone Engineers who will sell the pre-built final product." An item named Junix Ridgeline Bridge exists. Junix Ridgeline Bridge has this property: "Junix Electronics Group enter the hauler market with an exciting,sleek,luxury line. The full Ridgeline set gives space truckers the confidence of a Wall Street argonaut and enough USB class F circuits to power an array of service Kit. 'Junix:There is a difference.'" An item named Recon Bridge exists. Recon Bridge has this property: "This heavily capable DEMI-built recon scout is hot-swappable as a cargo pull cab because hackers for some reason build gear to have unreasonable features." An item named Lodestar Nightengale exists. Lodestar Nightengale has this property: "Earth Mil contract recipient,Maryland-based Lodestar offers the finest deep cruising models at the finest of price points. The banner motto in the Lodestar design department is:Unrelenting Dominance." An item named Ioan Planet Hopper exists. Ioan Planet Hopper has this property: "In their persuit of a better way of life,Io Habs have grown the deepest integration between man and machine. Io tech as such appears to achieve 100-fold improvements on power distribution while simulteneously enabling effortless control systems and unsurpased reliability." An item named A Repurposed Loader exists. A Repurposed Loader has this property: "A personal consumer-grade loader retrofitted for zero atmosphere duty." An item named Narrow Guage Euro-crate exists. Narrow Guage Euro-crate has this property: "A slimline crate standard created for tight spaces,which isn't really needed in space. But you can buy one for cheap." An item named A Standard Halfcrate exists. A Standard Halfcrate has this property: "'The Mars-go Road' was paved with Earth's original shipping-use crate format. Multi-colored trains of corrugated steel reached out to Mars in the First Expansion. Own a piece of history that still hauls Iron!" An item named Promi Cold Recombinator exists. Promi Cold Recombinator has this property: "Promi have built in superconducting mags to this cargo crate to raise max hauling ratio over total mass." An item named Standard Hauler Fullcrate exists. Standard Hauler Fullcrate has this property: "Nothing says space trucker like hitching up a Singapore-blue Fullcrate and hauling Iron Bars from Meridian to Gemini. Play to type complete with a cup of coffee and a tip of the hat to the haulers running back the other." An item named Scorched Carapace exists. Scorched Carapace has this property: "Somewhat mysterious design but this loadout packs heavy-format crates with more efficiency than standard tetra-shaped boxers." An item named Lodestar Hexpod exists. Lodestar Hexpod has this property: "The Lodestar team refuses to compromise once again,packing cargo outside the structural frame to save on overall bone mass without inducing any speed-variant moments of inertia. Hexpod drives like a Hotshop but hauls a planet." An item named Camden Zuperkrate exists. Camden Zuperkrate has this property: "'This is simple and it just works,' the DEMI visionary engineer stated in the Press Release. With some automated welding techniques and a vast supply of standard crates making their way to the Outer Rim,this comparatively innexpensive,gigantic cargo hold is a Camden exclusive." An item named Io Labs Super-containment exists. Io Labs Super-containment has this property: "Tech de-build teams haven't yet figured out how the Ioans have fit more space inside of this machine than out. Some non-euclidian vector folding is the best theory? It's big,orange,expensive,and badass." An item named Questionable Nozzle exists. Questionable Nozzle has this property: "It appears Pedge 'It'll Fly' Johnson may have gaffer-taped together an injection manifold to a nitrogen torch. Seems to make the ship move though?" An item named Camden Tech UL 6 exists. Camden Tech UL 6 has this property: "The Camden UL 6 is the latest in the line of easy-to-maintain,efficient boosters available for the public market." An item named Promi Fire-Emblem JUMP exists. Promi Fire-Emblem JUMP has this property: "No marketing materials exist for any of the Promi gear,so no one seems to know why there is a raised,gold-plated fireburst emblem on this Promi JUMP drive. But scrappers have found units where pirates have sawed off the gold bit seem otherwise in tact but fail to ignite. So apparently it's important." An item named Recon Cutter exists. Recon Cutter has this property: "A solid boost machine built on DEMI for cross-purpose markets." An item named Junix Ridgeline Nacelle exists. Junix Ridgeline Nacelle has this property: "Junix Electronics Group driver styled to suit the Ridgeline-class hauler. Speed in style." An item named Drone Warrior BFR exists. Drone Warrior BFR has this property: "Statistically more stable than it appears to be,the Drone Warrior build-at-home B. F. Rocket outperforms all other corporate nonsense out there." An item named Lodestar 4600 TL exists. Lodestar 4600 TL has this property: "The Lodestar design team don't care if it's about as long as a skyscraper because a good engine only needs to do one thing right,accelerate." An item named Ioan Planet Cruiser exists. Ioan Planet Cruiser has this property: "With its system-wide unbeaten drive capability combined with low rod-burn and unsurpased landing control systems,escaping port in a Planet Cruiser announces to all,'I win.'" An item named Cobbled-Together Wheeled Hauler exists. Cobbled-Together Wheeled Hauler has this property: "You welded this up from some outdated pond farm equipment. PLUS,it runs!" An item named Camden Tech Wheeled Burnout Hotshop exists. Camden Tech Wheeled Burnout Hotshop has this property: "Nine-to-Five meets 3s Zero-to-Sixty. A hauling-duty cab that can put down a coat of rubber paint on Lower Level K Drive." An item named Rusty Wheeled Trailer exists. Rusty Wheeled Trailer has this property: "She's no spaceship but she hauls crabs good." An item named Rusty Wheeled Endcap Roller exists. An item named Pneumatic Lock Pick exists. Pneumatic Lock Pick has this property: "This powered lock picking rig removes the need to smash up a Jimmy-Bar to open Locked Boxes. If Lock Pick is Active,just place the Locked Box on your Workbench and it will open!" An item named Portable Stove exists. Portable Stove has this property: "A portable,reliable heatsource that removes the need to use Flashpaste with your cooking recipes." An item named Barkeep's Brewkit exists. Barkeep's Brewkit has this property: "This continuous bubbling lab keeps your RIG stocked with Bitters and Vermouth. So,no need to buy those ingredients for cocktails anymore,just mix up everything else and Bitters or Vermouth are covered." An item named Auto Coffee-Tron exists. Auto Coffee-Tron has this property: "Smash the day with your own in-cab coffee steamer. Activating this Kit gives you a +2 Foresight Bio-Neural Flexor every morning." An item named Sleep Timer exists. Sleep Timer has this property: "While in a town,adds an option to Sleep (and skip to tomorrow). Merchants tend to restock overnight so you could hit the restock early!" An item named Construct Language Translator exists. Construct Language Translator has this property: "Somewhat indispensable gadget (if you ever want to trade with Europan constructs). Activating this Translator will allow you to decipher their strange language." An item named Good Old Hat exists. Good Old Hat has this property: "Having old hatty around just makes ya feel better. Not in any particular... but in a certain sorta undefinable. Activating Good Old Hat starts all your Bio-Neural Flexors at 1 instead of 0 each day." An item named VGA Mode exists. VGA Mode has this property: "Enables VGA mode." An item named Modular Freeze Bay exists. Modular Freeze Bay has this property: "A Cold Storage fail-safe refrigeration bay.  Activating this freezer prevents all food from decaying during your travels across space." An item named Gauntlet Of Terminal Control exists. Gauntlet Of Terminal Control has this property: "Activating Gauntlet Of Terminal Control <u>multiplies</u> your Bio-Neural Flexor negotiation bonus by 3333.0<br><br>(When you're feeling good,you will be able to buy almost anything you want,not unlike a real Terminus!)" An item named Plans For:Gauntlet Of Terminal Control exists. Plans For:Gauntlet Of Terminal Control has this property: "Combine on your Workbench:These plans,3 Molybdenum Ingots,Metal Wiring,1 BootDawg Diagnostics Kit,Flashpaste,and a Jimmy-Bar.  Then prepare to be awesomeized.<br><br>'I love the Gauntlet Of Terminal Control'" An item named Support Weapons Control:2 Rapid Mass Driver exists. Support Weapons Control:2 Rapid Mass Driver has this property: "Weapons control system for dorsal,ventral Rapid Hard Shot pair / accurate but mild damage." An item named Main Weapons Control:6 Simple Rail Array exists. Main Weapons Control:6 Simple Rail Array has this property: "Weapons control system for a six-wide Simple Rail / dodgy targeting and medium damage." An item named Support Weapons Control:2 Simple Rail Array exists. Support Weapons Control:2 Simple Rail Array has this property: "Weapons control system for dorsal,ventral Simple Rail / dodgy targeting and medium damage." An item named Support Weapons Control:Promi Radio Beam exists. Support Weapons Control:Promi Radio Beam has this property: "Weapons control system for a dorsal Promi Folded Radio Cascade Beam / low misfire and good damage." An item named Main Weapons Control:4 Promi Radio Beam exists. Main Weapons Control:4 Promi Radio Beam has this property: "Weapons control system for a dorsal Promi Folded Radio Cascade Beam / low misfire and good damage." An item named Main Weapons Control:Forced-quasar Channel Beam exists. Main Weapons Control:Forced-quasar Channel Beam has this property: "Weapons control system for focused Forced-quasar Channel Beam / low misfire and high damage." An item named Rapid Mass Driver exists. Rapid Mass Driver has this property: "Rapid Mass Driver,accurate but mild damage." An item named Simple Rail exists. Simple Rail has this property: "Simple Rail,dodgy targeting and medium damage." An item named Promi Radio Beam exists. Promi Radio Beam has this property: "Promi Folded Radio Cascade Beam,low misfire and good damage." An item named Forced-quasar Channel exists. Forced-quasar Channel has this property: "Forced-quasar Channel Beam,low misfire and high damage." 